Initial release of the refine UI (#2494)
rathena/rathena: npc/merchants/refine.txt

// Weapon/Armor Refiners
//============================================================
prt_in,63,60,0	script	Hollgrehenn	4_M_03,{
	if( getbattleflag( "feature.refineui" ) ){
		mes "[Hollgrehenn]";

> 		mes "I'm a blacksmith who can refine the weapon and equipment.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "I'm a blacksmith who can refine weapons and equipment.";
```

//= .@safe to the max safe refine in refine_db.txt as well.
//============================================================
function	script	refinemain	{
	.@npc_name$ = getarg(0);
	.@features = getarg(1);

> 	if( getbattleflag( "feature.refineui" ) == 3 ){

Reviewer 2: `if( getbattleflag( "feature.refineui" ) == 2 ){`

Author: This is fine like this.
1 = enabled in general
2 = enabled in scripts
=> so we want the system to be enabled & enabled in scripts => 3

Reviewer 2: Okay

Reviewer 2: When `2 = enabled in scripts` is configured I still can use `@refineui`
